Platinum: 

Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice - Runs perfectly out of the box. Getting a near
locked 60 FPS at 1440p on high settings.

Mushihimesame - Runs perfectly out of the box, no configuration needed. No
framerate drops nor visual glitches. Supported my arcade stick natively with no
issues. 

Wolfenstein: The New Order - Runs at a locked 60 FPS out of the box
on Ultra settings. Had a few minor issues with lockups, but that seemed to
resolve itself on reboot.  

Dark Souls III - Runs perfectly out of the box with the Steam controller. Still
got my butt handed to me by Index Gundyr. 

Call of Juarez Gunslinger - No issues out of the box on first playthrough, but
updating drivers and proton versions seemed to cause audio distortion. Will be
Platinum for now since it was working fine before updates. 

Dying Light - Had some issues with OBS hurting framerate a lot, but once I
tweaked settings, it ran incredibly well. Looks and plays great and online
multiplayer works with no issues too. 

Gold:

Wolfenstein: The New Colossus - Runs exceptionally well out of the box (~90 FPS
on Ultra settings). Had some issues with texture artifacting and audio
crackling. Overall pleasant experience.  

Prey - Runs exceptionally well, but has some weird visual artifacts (such as
white flickering on Alex Yu's hair). Not super distracting, but does hamper
immersion factor. 

Binary Domain - Robots exploding has a minor impact on framerate, but only by a
few FPS. Some minor framerate drops here and there in combat, but pretty
smooth. 

Silver: 

Blur - Maxed out Anti-Aliasing breaks the game, as models fail to render.
Turning it off fixed that issue. Has some performance issues with drops down to
~40 FPS. 

Monster Hunter World - Significant performance hit (30-40%) running in Proton
over native Windows 10. Despite lowering many advanced settings and enabling
adaptive resolution, still doesn't get to a locked 60 FPS.

Warframe - Need to rename launcher.exe or else you get an infinite loop on
update. NPC audio doesn't work, but performance is fine. 

Bronze: 


Dark Souls: Remastered - Frequently crashes after character
creation screen. Sometimes I can progress past it, other times it crashes to
desktop. Tried installing vcrun2017 and remivung MovWW folder


Borked: 

Nioh - launcher works, audio works, but black screen on booting into the game. 
